Hello, my name is Melody. I'm excited to introduce you to my project SyncSlide, a tool designed to enhance presentation accessibility.
Accessibility is a pressing issue in academic, conference, and business settings.
Even with the most accessible PowerPoint slides provided in advance, individuals with print disabilities still face challenges.
It can be difficult to follow the projecting screen due to distance, fonts, lighting, or simply lose the spot after returning from a quick break.
It is just as inconvenient for the presenters who must remember to say "next slide" and read out the content showing to ensure everyone is on the same page.
So what is SyncSlide? SyncSlide is a tool for inclusive presentation that creates simple, accessible slides with real-time updates.
It ensures compatibility with screen readers, specialized fonts, and color inversion.
The entire audience can follow along on their own device, making presentations much more inclusive and engaging.
SyncSlide offers several key features. The extensive HTML and CSS support allows presenters to customize elements such as text, images, and tables.
Look at the quadratic equation. Inserting math using LaTeX is just as easy as adding any other content.
Start presenting by pasting the slides into the markdown input field. I'll use the current presentation as an example.
[Screen Reader]: Heading level 0: Sync Slide
[Screen Reader]: Main landmark, input region "markdwon input", edit multiline
Select a slide from the combo box.
[Screen Reader]: "Go to slide", combo box, "1: Introduction to the Problem", collapsed
[Screen Reader]: Combo box expanded
[Screen Reader]: "Stage | SyncSlide" document, main landmark [audible beep]
Then click the Update button to display the content.
[Screen Reader]: "Update" button
The audience received the contents without having access to the controls.
[Screen Reader]: "Audience | SyncSlide" document
[Screen Reader]: Heading level 1: "SyncSlide -- My Solution to Improve Presentation Accessibility"
The record button starts a timer, which tracks the content and the timestamp on every update.
[Screen Reader]: Main landmark, record region, record button. Pause.
The presenter can pause the recording for a break.
[Screen Reader]: Resume
Continue on to the rest of the slides.
[Screen Reader]: Pause.
[Screen Reader]: Input region: "Go to slide" combo box. (audible input sound)
[Screen Reader]: "2: What is SyncSlide?"
[Screen Reader]: "3: Demo: HTML and CSS"
[Screen Reader]: "Update" button
Stop recording to export the data, then sync with a video for playback.
[Screen Reader]: "Stop" button
SyncSlide is in its alpha stage, so I'm constantly looking to improve the project.
Some potential enhancements include adding audience interaction tools, keyboard shortcuts for common actions,
template for widely used elements, and documentation for users and developers.
Please check out the prototype, and feel free to contribute to the project on GitHub.
Thank you for your time and interest in SyncSlide, and let's make presentations accessible to everyone.
Thank you, everyone.